Clarify Readme steps to add new sample (#137)
MicrosoftEdge/Demos: 1DIV/README.md

**1DIV** is a demo web app that enables you to create multiple CSS designs by using a single HTML `div` element. Your CSS designs are only saved locally, in the browser's memory. This demo app can be installed locally as a Progressive Web App (PWA).

> 1DIV is a CSS editor that lets users create drawings by creating just one HTML element and CSS code.

Reviewer: These 2 paragraphs need to be combined.

```suggestion
1DIV is a CSS editor that lets users create drawings by applying CSS code to a single HTML element. Your drawings are saved locally in the browser only. 1DIV can be installed locally as a Progressive Web App (PWA).
```
